un Secretary General Antonio gutterz has
reiterated his call for a ceasefire
during a meeting with the Egyptian
foreign minister he said Palestinians
need a flood of
Aid looking at Gaza it almost appears
that the four or Men of War famine
conquest and deaths are Galloping across
it and that is why the time for an
immediate humanitarian ceas fire is now
and in the Ramadan Spirit of compassion
I also urge the immediate and
conditional rele of hostages the
suffering must
end Palestinians in Gaza desperately
need what has been promised a flood of a
tum and Rafa in southern Gaza antonus
they're using some very dramatic
language to explain as he sees it what's
happening in Gaza he's calling for a
flood of Aid what is the situation at
the
moment well in fact next the situation
on the ground here inside the Gaza Strip
in both North and the southern part of
the territory still extremely dire as
the amount of AIDs that are allowed to
get into the territory still the same
without clear increase in the capacity
of humanitarian convoys as Israel till
now is still uh following the same uh
approach represented in restricting the
humanitarian supplies deliveries
specifically to the most vulnerable
parts of the conflict there in the north
where are there are still hundreds of
thousands of thousands of people are
waiting for further flow of humanitarian
assistance just to help them to recover
uh with the ongoing aftermath of the
Israeli offensive but yet we do not see
any any enforcement of laws in terms of
Israel in order to help to to remove all
the restrictions being imposed and in
light of the very severe shortage of all
Ford items and the sky rocking prices of
the pales in the Palestinian market and
absolutely in Palestinians are calling
for an inre capacity of eight supplies
but we have been seeing dozens of
humanitarian trucks are stationed on the
Egyptian side which can help to
relatively mitigate the aggravating
humanitarian crisis T we were mentioning
before that Israeli forces have been
bombing homes in Rafa we also talked
about them carrying out strikes on homes
in deala just bring us up to date over
the last several hours or so what's been
happening yes in fact the latest round
of isra ear bombardment and attacks in
Rafa had risen the death toll to more
than 15 Palestinians had been reached to
16 after the Civil Defense teams managed
to recover a baby being killed by the
Israeli attack from one of the
residential houses that had been
targeted and since down today but yet
the situation sounds really critical in
other parts of the territory world
bombardment and uh air strikes continue
to go on in aat on the vicinity of aat
Hospital H where a number of
Palestinians have been reported killed
and injured in a shti refugee camp while
the gaza's government media office has
been stating that the Israeli military
troops Amed its ongoing operations in a
shifat hospital had killed five medical
uh teams uh inside uh five five medical
doctors uh and teams inside the ASA
hospital as they are still trapping
hundreds of patients and evacuees inside
this medical facility but yet we have
been seeing more attacks on the Middle
Air
where the artillery bombardment
continues on darel B andat refugee camp
till now T thank you very much indeed T
abum talking to us from Rafa in southern
Gaza well